chore: update contributor guidelines (#3524)
openequella/openEQUELLA: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Install Java
At the time of writing the openEQUELLA is built with Java 8. For this, we prefer to use

> openJDK which is current at version 8.0.302. To install that with SDKMAN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
openJDK which is currently at version 8.0.302. To install that with SDKMAN:
```

as compile code to Javascript), in order to do this you can run:

```bash

> ~$ ./sbt resources

Reviewer: As mentioned, we want to have consistent style, so remove the shell prompt (here, and also all the others):

```suggestion
./sbt resources
```

- IntelliJ - `Before Launch -> Build Project`

### Running the admin tool

This guide runs sbt in non-interactive mode. You can run in interactive mode to save rebuild time by first running 'sbt', and the another command such as 'compile'.

> Ensure you have your server running and know it's

Reviewer: Hmmm, something has gone astray here. :thinking:

Author: I move this sentence from `build installer` section. I think it just means we can get rid of the init step (those loding info) each time?

Reviewer: Okay, how about you change this section to read:

```
### Running the Admin Console

Once you have successfully started the server with the above commands, you can then launch the Admin Console
to manage it. To do so from the command line with SBT, run:
```

Author: Wired, I got this error when running this command. 

`./sbt compile adminTool/run`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/92769668/140666777-e97fa454-5c0a-45f3-a35d-0f8c34a7d9b6.png)

Reviewer: Oh wow that is odd. That'd be attempting to use javaws perhaps to launch a Java WebStart application - which is what the Admin Console was until only a couple of years ago when we changed it. Strange though, I would've expected that task to run the class...

I reckon leave it in there, but we'll need to raise an issue to look at how that task is written.

Author: I asked Penghai to check this command on his laptop, he said it works. So maybe it's my env's issue.

By default the build will generate a self signed key which will show security warnings when launching.
In order to prevent this you will need to have a properly [signed certificate](https://www.digicert.com/code-signing/java-code-signing-guide.htm) and configure the build to use it.
In the `build.conf` file you can modify the parameters to configure your own keystore:

```conf
signer {
  keystore = "/path/to/.keystore"
  storePassword = "<storepasswd>"
  keyPassword = "<optional>" # defaults to storePassword
  alias = "<keyalias>"
}
```

**IMPORTANT**: A self registered certificate implies that the jars won't be secured and a security exception will appear when trying to launch the jars.
To avoid this it is needed to add the domain you want to trust as a security exception in your java configuration.
It can be done with the Java Control Panel or directly adding the domain in a new line in this file:
\${user.home}/.java/deployment/security/exception.sites

## Building the installer

This guide runs sbt in non-interactive mode. You can run in interactive mode to save rebuild time by first running 'sbt', and the another command such as 'compile'.

```bash

> cd to the {Equella repo} directory
> ~$ sbt installerZip

Reviewer: Two things:

- good to stay consistent with paths; and
- all the uses of SBT should be updated in this file to use the wrapper via `./sbt` (there's several above) and we can drop the shell prompt for consistency me thinks.

So as well as this below suggestion, could you please go and update the above uses of sbt too?

```suggestion
cd /path/to/openEquella
./sbt installerZip
```

Author: Sure.

#### Code Formatters

All code should be formatted using the following tools.
Assuming you've followed the above steps to install the pre-commit hooks this will be done automatically for you at commit time.

> However if you don't, then the CI pipelines will fail during checking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However if you don't, then the CI pipelines will fail for your pull requests.
```
